An asset exchange platform on the blockchain that will be used for listing of products that can be used by parties to
buy and sell physical goods/services on the blokcchain using cryptocurrency. Every transaction will be recorded on the blockchain and this will bring about a higher 
amount of transparency to transactions. A seller will list the item and if a concerned party is interested in the item they will put in the bid and the
relevant amount will be transacted from their account.

Transaction Lifecycle

- Seller lists the product to be sold
- potential buyer looks at the product listed and if the price and product are to his\her's choice they will put in a bid
- The bid has to be equal to the price has been listed, then then the relevant amount is put in an escrow. Which will only be 
released when the good has been delivered to the buyer.
- So how is this confirmation carried out ?
- Each party and a counter party will have their own transaction signature, this transaction signature is to be exchanged with each 
counterparty upon meeting each other. For the seller of the item upon receiving the counterparties transaction singature, they are able to unlock the funds
held in escrow. For the buyer, receiving the seller's transaction signature, will allow it to receive its deposit back net from the cost of 
the item.
- Does the idea need a blockchain? That is a good question, having transaction singature allows it to be confirmed by both parties. It is 
important when doing p2p transactions to have a record of what happens, doing this would allow there to be recourse for wronged parties.
In current platforms for p2p transactions most of the due diligence and precautions are taken by the user themselves. Instead of the users having to 
take the burden of ensuring that their transactions are done securely we can use smart contracts to see that.

Inspirations to Look at:
Cryptokitties : The run an auction platform and all their smart contracts code is placed on the blockchain. Look at how they run their auction platform, we can try to do something
similar. Just change it to having an escrow.
Consensys: Basic ERC-20 token contract, look at the contract and how we can implement it for the platform. Look at the safe math library, use it to make our contract as secure as possible
Also look at other token sales and other ICOs such as khyber network , and trade.io. If we can find faults in it we can 'hack' it. Look at what makes all these tokens secure, what logic goes
behind creating it. Make sure that you can know why it isnt exploited.

Contract structure: 

The UI will have to be using swarm, which will display static html sites using data on the blockchain, or someother form using react.js , angular.js .You will have to use some form of
front-end then much of the interacting with the blockchain is done using node.js. This will have to undergo a larger amount of research.

You will have a bid contract, where you bid for the object

Then you will have a token contract, which will be a utility token that can be used for the platform.

Then you have a transcation processing contract: this is when the bid has been confirmed and the two peers are in the process of meeting each other and exchanging the goods. Here
each player will have a hashed key that they have to exchange with each other. They both of them will have to give each other the key concurrently in order to have each of them unlock their
resulting funds. A sort of 'multi-sig' to unlock the funds for both parties.